Machine learning guide 10.13 (#296)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/machine-learning/activity-recognition-bundle/activity-recognition-using-demo-device.md

#### Start with Machine Learning Workbench

> 1. Follow the steps described in [Machine Learning Workbench > Upload a project](/machine-learning/web-app-mlw/#upload-a-project) and upload the *ActivityRecognitionDemoProject.zip* project to MLW. It creates a new project named **ActivityRecognitionDemoProject_uuid**, which has a total of 5 resources. You will get 2 files in the **Data** folder and 3 files in the **Code** folder.

Reviewer: @MWindel This change is not consistent with similar sentences. 
"It creates a new project named" > in other places we have "a new project is created with the name" which seems better to me since it is unclear where "It" refers to.

Author: Changes incorporated.

> 1. Follow the steps described in [Machine Learning Workbench > Upload a project](/machine-learning/web-app-mlw/#upload-a-project) and upload the *ActivityRecognitionDemoProject.zip* project to MLW. A new project is created with the name **ActivityRecognitionDemoProject_uuid**, which has a total of 5 resources. You will get 2 files in the **Data** folder and 3 files in the **Code** folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Follow the steps described in [Machine Learning Workbench > Upload a project](/machine-learning/web-app-mlw/#upload-a-project) and upload the *ActivityRecognitionDemoProject.zip* project to MLW. A new project is created with the name **ActivityRecognitionDemoProject_UUID**, where `UUID` is a system generated unique identifier. This project has a total of 5 resources. You will get 2 files in the **Data** folder and 3 files in the **Code** folder.
```
We should clarify that UUID is auto-generated identifier.
